So you may start to notice some commonalities between Prometheus
and ELK Stack and other Open-Source technologies in the sense that with these,
you are having multiple components that are there in order to achieve the desired result.
With Prometheus, you have Grafana,
which you're using to do your actual graphing and
aggregation of those numbers in a displayable manner.
With ELK Stack, which is made up of three components;
Elasticsearch, Logstash, and Kibana.
Although from my perspective,
the order is a little bit wonky because Logstash is what
sends the logs that have to be aggregated under Elasticsearch,
and Kibana is what displays the logs.
But lack doesn't have quite the same ring to it as ELK.
So anyways random aside.
Let's go ahead and dive right into in Salinas onto our server.